Fix report reference (#1766)
carpentries/instructor-training: learners/setup.md

3. Please read the following before the workshop begins:

- ["The Science of Learning"](./files/papers/science-of-learning-2015.pdf)

> - ["The Carpentries Annual Report"](https://carpentries.org/reports/annual-reports/2023AnnualReport.pdf)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "The Carpentries Annual Report" from [The Carpentries Impact page](https://carpentries.org/about-us/impact/)
```

per #1755 recommendation to link the page instead of having to update annually.

Maybe we should add "most recent" in somewhere to make it more clear?
